[docs] update pgexercises page (#9791)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/sample-data/pgexercises.md

yugabyte=# \c exercises
```

> You are now connected to database "exercises" as user "yugabyte".
> 
> ```output

Reviewer: Line 81 is actually part of the output :)
````suggestion

```output
You are now connected to database "exercises" as user "yugabyte".
````

- [String Operations](https://pgexercises.com/questions/string/)
- [Recursive Queries](https://pgexercises.com/questions/recursive/)

> YugabyteDB returns the same results as expected based on the solutions on the PostgreSQL Exercises website, with the following exception:
> 
> - ["Find telephone numbers with parentheses"](https://pgexercises.com/questions/string/reg.html)
>   - YugabyteDB returns results with a sort order of strings different than in PostgreSQL due to [hash partitioning in YugabyteDB](../../architecture/docdb-sharding/).

Reviewer: Is there anything else we want to mention about the string sort order? (Like maybe an explanation?)

```suggestion
YugabyteDB returns the same results as expected based on the solutions on the PostgreSQL Exercises website, with one exception. In the ["Find telephone numbers with parentheses"](https://pgexercises.com/questions/string/reg.html) exercise, YugabyteDB returns results with a sort order of strings different than in PostgreSQL due to [hash partitioning in YugabyteDB](../../architecture/docdb-sharding/).
```
